Important Information for 
MathPad Plus: Fractions and Decimals  
v1.0.3

* Application version is still 1.0.1
* MathPad Plus: Fractions and Decimals version 1.0.3
is Windows 2000 and XP Compatible and requires the IntelliKeys USB 
for successful overlay sending on Windows 2000 and XP

Seven important changes have been made to 
the program since the 6/00 printing of 
the User's Guide:


1. The 1/12 key equivalent was changed to 
[Option] + 7 for the Macintosh version. 
Please note this change on page 78 and 
page 129 of your User's Guide.


2. "Scan Cycles" was changed to "Cycles 
before stopping". The third paragraph 
under Automatic Scanning on page 106 
should read:
	
"Cycles before stopping determines how 
many times the Toolbar or the items 
within a Toolbar group are scanned. If 
Cycles before stopping is set to 1, 2, or 
3, the scan will take place that many 
times and then reset. If Cycles before 
stopping is set to 'never', scanning will 
occur endlessly until the switch is 
pressed."


3. The key equivalents for scanning keys 
are different than noted in the User's 
Guide. Under Step Scanning, on page 107 
in the first full paragraph, the 
[Command] key needs to be replaced with 
the "[Control]" key. In addition, some 
key equivalents have been changed.

The paragraph should read:

"By default, MathPad Plus uses the switch 
signals designed to work with a switch 
plugged into an IntelliKeys keyboard: 
[Control] + [Return] or [Control] + 
[Right Arrow] is used for moving forward 
(switch Port 1), [Control] + [Down Arrow] 
is used for selecting (switch Port 2), 
and [Control] + [Left Arrow] is used for 
moving backwards. 

In addition, the text under the right 
hand graphic on the bottom of the page 
should read: "...the next time you 
activate scanning, you will begin with 
the group of buttons where you left off."

On page 108, in the third paragraph, the 
second and third sentences should read:

"For Automatic Scanning, the default 
signal is [Control] + [Return] for 
Select. For Step Scanning, the default 
signals are [Control] + [Enter] for 
Forward, ([Control] + [Return] on Mac) 
and [Control] + [Left Arrow] for 
Backward."


4. Directed Automatic Scanning (pg. 107) 

This paragraph should read:

"There is a variation on Automatic 
Scanning called Directed Automatic 
Scanning, which can be turned on by 
checking the Directed check box in the 
Access Preferences.  In Directed 
Automatic Scanning, after a  button is 
selected, the scan terminates just as in 
Automatic Scanning. However, when the 
next scan is started with the next switch  
press, the scan begins with the toolbar 
or sub-group of the toolbar where 
scanning left off.  With Directed 
Automatic Scanning Turned off, scanning 
always starts at the top of the scanning 
cycle, with the 
Command Toolbar.  Directed Automatic 
Scanning is useful for speeding up the 
process of selecting the same button more 
than once (i.e. pressing the left arrow 
three times).  However, for some students 
who are used to Automatic Scanning, 
Directed Automatic Scanning may be 
confusing because it does not start at 
the beginning of the scan groups at the 
top left, like most other scanning 
programs.


5. Copying Work from the Calculator (pg. 
43)

When using the calculator, Copy Work will 
copy ALL calculations since your last All 
Clear.


6. Arranging Overlapping Manipulatives 
(pg. 89-90)

The Windows keystrokes to arrange 
manipulatives are as follows:

Move Forward:    [Control] + =
Move Back:       [Control] + -
Move to Front:   [Control] + [Shift] + =
Move to Back:    [Control] + [Shift] + -


7. Instructions for Importing Assignments 
(page 73)

This section should read:

Assignments can be created in text 
editors and then imported into MathPad 
Plus as plain text. The files will be 
converted to MathPad Plus files. The 
format for entering problems is similar 
to the rules for entering problem 
formulas in the Assignment Builder.  For 
both Macintosh and Windows users, the 
following key commands are used: 

/ separates a fraction numerator and 
denominator and _ separates a unit number 
from the fraction part of a mixed number 
(e.g., 3_1/2). Numbers and equations must 
be in horizontal format. End each problem 
with # and the next problem will go on a 
clean problem page. Text must be in 
quotations to be recognized by MathPad 
Plus. 

The procedure for entering the ÷ symbol 
differs on Windows and Macintosh. 
Macintosh users should type [Option] + /.  
Windows users should hold the Alt key 
while typing the numbers "0247" on the 
numeric keypad, and then release the Alt 
key.  For example, 6 ÷ 3 = is typed as 
follows: 

6 [Alt]0247[release Alt key]3 =

Windows users should also save their 
files in Notepad with a ".txt" (text 
file) extension before importing.


=====================
Technical Support:
Hours: 8 a.m. - 5 p.m. Pacific Time, 
Monday through Friday
Phone: (800) 899-6687 (U.S. and Canada)    
(707) 773-2000 (local and international)
Fax: (707) 773-2001
Email: tech@intellitools.com (for 
technical information)
World Wide Web: www.intellitools.com
